I do not know
and anything I tell you
to add but Chinese
I prefer
the effort to honesty
with with the urge to want
and want to stay here
with that
Now it has been like this
and understanding the understanding of the choice
what this is d
eleven
and who knows if it reaches us
but if nobody knows more than to play
and the important thing was today
then I'm going to the important thing is the final
of cup but
until before this like up
at 5 in the afternoon or seven at night what
important was hey and so we had
raised with three parties
very important but this was the
important after nobody knows
the difference the difference because in the
second we no longer arrive it is very difficult not
have won and have the triumph and
have it and have it and it goes
you try to get the most out of
that goal but do not forget we continue
biting exactly the same exactly
same
If I see it dark list but believe me
that tomorrow dawns
and there's a lot to rescue today
very much to rescue and much that no longer
can
commit the mistakes that I made but yes
yes there is a lot to rescue me
I like it a lot now
what he says now I insist that this
it has to be 11 or they are if they have to
I'm not talking about I'm not talking about quality
something that needs to be put
all the time all the minutes all
the plays all the actions torton
the whole team the team the team is
well psychically so upset
because they make a lot of effort and do not
they carry nothing I do not use the cup pays for
lift nothing I use the cup to make
cup champions that's the purpose
of the cup tournament is not something else no
it is not a Mejoral for what is not
serves that is the village shirt and the
t-shirt of the people to everyone is the
you have to put it well that is no no more
where you play them or so I'm sorry
joan maybe in the last cause your way
maybe the wrong one is me
I mean, I'm too romantic in
this mother of the village shirt